LG-11614: Update help article for face/touch unlock and authentication methods (#1196)
18F/identity-site: content/_help/trouble-signing-in/face-or-touch-unlock._en.md

2. You will receive an email. Click on the link in the email to confirm your email address.
3. Create a password. It must be at least 12 characters long.
4. On the “Secure your account” page, select face or touch unlock.
5. On the face or touch unlock set up page, click on the “continue” button. You will then be prompted to authenticate using face or touch unlock.
    **Important**: Depending on your device, you may be prompted for additional information such as a PIN, pattern, or QR code. Follow the directions on your screen to finish setting up face or touch unlock. The following are screenshots of possible prompts you may encounter:

    <div class="grid-row grid-gap">
        <div class="tablet:grid-col">

>             <img alt="Example of a prompt that may be encountered upon setting up or using face or touch unlock: Screenshot of a screen lock PIN prompt" src="{{ site.baseurl }}/assets/img/help/face-touch-unlock/android-screen-lock.png" />

Reviewer: These images end up being quite small when arranged horizontally on the website, vs. the original Google Doc. Would be curious for feedback from UX folks. At the very least, I'd think we should make the images clickable so someone could easily view them in their original size.

>     <div class="grid-row grid-gap">
>         <div class="grid-row">
>             <img alt="Example of a prompt that may be encountered upon setting up or using face or touch unlock: Screenshot of a screen lock PIN prompt" src="{{ site.baseurl }}/assets/img/help/face-touch-unlock/android-screen-lock.png" />
>         </div>
>         <div class="grid-row margin-y-5">
>             <img alt="Example of a prompt that may be encountered upon setting up or using face or touch unlock: Screenshot with a passkey message that allows users to choose between using iCloud keychain or or a phone or tablet" src="{{ site.baseurl }}/assets/img/help/face-touch-unlock/iphone-screen-lock.png" />
>         </div>
>         <div class="grid-row">
>             <img alt="Example of a prompt that may be encountered upon setting up or using face or touch unlock: Screenshot of a QR code" src="{{ site.baseurl }}/assets/img/help/face-touch-unlock/passkey-screen-shot.png" />
>         </div>
>     </div>

Reviewer: If we're not using the grid anymore, can we simplify to use Markdown syntax instead of HTML? We could apply classes to the images to make sure they're stacked with a gap.

Untested, but I'm assuming something like this could work:

```suggestion
    ![Example of a prompt that may be encountered upon setting up or using face or touch unlock: Screenshot of a screen lock PIN prompt]({{ site.baseurl }}/assets/img/help/face-touch-unlock/android-screen-lock.png){: .display-block}
    ![Example of a prompt that may be encountered upon setting up or using face or touch unlock: Screenshot with a passkey message that allows users to choose between using iCloud keychain or or a phone or tablet]({{ site.baseurl }}/assets/img/help/face-touch-unlock/iphone-screen-lock.png){: .display-block margin-top-5}
    ![Example of a prompt that may be encountered upon setting up or using face or touch unlock: Screenshot of a QR code]({{ site.baseurl }}/assets/img/help/face-touch-unlock/passkey-screen-shot.png){: .display-block margin-top-5}
```

Author: yeah this is a good way to go about this

Reviewer: Looks like the images are appearing broken in the Cloud.gov Pages preview, not really sure why.

Could we also apply this to the other languages as well?

Author: I messed around in [eab6ca8](https://github.com/18F/identity-site/pull/1196/commits/eab6ca85a0e5c2487489e4802e161f0beb7ed8ac) and it looks like cloud.gov did not like the `site.baseurl` part of the image link. Not sure why I'm writing this comment...

Author: Now that I think about this some more, I think it is because everything in markdown is contained within the file structure itself?
